Build system upgrades (#406)
ostis-ai/sc-machine: docs/changelog.md

### Breaking changes

- Python dependencies are set up locally in `.venv` environment. Therefore, you should make the following changes: 

>     - fix `docker-compose.yml` file to run `healthcheck.py` for sc-server in `.venv` or use `scripts/healthcheck.sh` encapsulated this logic;

Author: ```suggestion
    - fix `docker-compose.yml` file to run `healthcheck.py` for sc-server in `.venv` or use `scripts/healthcheck.sh` that encapsulates this logic;
```

    - and use `.venv` to launch your python scripts if they use sc-machine python dependencies.
- Build system of the sc-machine was upgraded:
    - The way to manage build dependencies was changed to [Conan](https://conan.io). You can install sc-machine and its dependencies with Conan. You don't have to worry about installing sc-machine dependencies on your OS anymore. See how to do it -- [Build System](build/build_system.md).
    - CMake presets should be used to build the sc-machine. They are located in `CMakePresets.json`.
    - Location of the sc-machine build was changed. The following new locations are:
        - build tree -- `build/<Debug|Release>`, 
        - binaries -- `build/<Debug|Release>/bin`, 
        - libraries -- `build/<Debug|Release>/lib`,
        - extensions -- `build/<Debug|Release>/lib/extensions`.

>     - Using sc-machine as a library is much more optimized: adding it to the CMake tree is no longer necessary. You can install sc-machine packages and import sc-machine targets into your cmake using `find_package(sc-machine REQUIRED)`. But if you include sc-machine into CMake tree of your project, remember that the minimum version of cmake for the machine is 3.24.

Author: Actually it's not the case. While building sc-machine itself requires CMake 3.24 because we use presets (3.21 because of `conan_provider.cmake` as well), none of this gets exported to the library consumers, so they can use basically any *modern enough* version of CMake

    - Each release sc-machine binaries are being compiled for supported OS and formed as an archives on Github. Minimum required version of macOS is macOS-14 (arm), of ubuntu is ubuntu-22.04. The sc-machine doesn't support ubuntu-20.04 anymore. You can use sc-machine binaries to work with sc-memory or you can use `RunMachine` method from `sc-machine-runner.so` to create your own entry point to initialize sc-memory instead of using compiled `sc-machine` binary.
    - Script for the project build (`build_sc_machine.sh`), scripts for running binaries (`run_sc_server.sh`, `build_kb.sh`) were removed from the sc-machine repository scripts. You should use sc-machine binaries directly.
    - sc-server is no longer entry point of the sc-machine, it is an extension (`sc-server-lib.so`), that is loaded dynamically when the machine is started. So, `sc-server` binary was removed, `sc-machine` binary was added instead.
- Config was changed:
    - `repo_path` option in `[sc-memory]` group was deprecated, `storage` option was added instead;
    - `extensions_path` option in `[sc-memory]` group was deprecated, `extensions` option was added instead;

>     - `[sc-builder]` group was removed.

Reviewer: and then it was returned

### Changed

> - Working directory for tests was changed to a directory where tests are located
> - Install `gtest` and `benchmark` via Conan or OS package managers instead of using them as submodules
> - Location of the sc-machine build tree, binaries, libraries and extensions
> - Up minimum required cmake version to 3.24.0

Author: ```suggestion
- Working directory for each test has been changed to the test's source dir
- `gtest` and `benchmark` are installed via Conan or OS package managers instead of git submodules
- Location of the sc-machine build tree, binaries, libraries and extensions has been changed
- Bumped minimum required cmake version to 3.24.0
```

### Removed

- Support for ubuntu-20.04

> - Config group `[sc-builder]`

Reviewer: same
